Read DEM from config - look for remeshed DEM first - if not available remesh (#677)
avaframe/AvaFrame: docs/FAQ.rst

    mass within a cell. The number of particles is computed using the cell area and the release thickness. To ensure a
    reasonable amount of particles for decreased mesh size and *sphKernelRadius*, the *massPerParticle* value should be
    decreased accordingly. This ensures a reasonable amount of particles for the gradient computation.

> Regarding the DEM data, if a cell size different than 5 meters is chosen and the provided DEM in Inputs is of different
> mesh cell size than the chosen one, there is the possibility to search for suitable DEMs in the subdirectory DEMremeshed.
> Using the default settings, this subdirectory is cleaned when starting simulations, to ensure remeshing, but this can be
> changed in the configuration file (further details are provided in :ref:`moduleCom1DFA:DEM input data`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding DEM cell sizes: 
- if a cell size XX different than the default 5 meters is chosen 
- and the provided DEM in Inputs is of different mesh cell size than XX
- the folder `DEMremeshed` will be checked for a matching DEM.
- if no matching DEM is found -> remeshing takes place

Using the default settings, the subdirectory 'DEMremeshed' is cleaned when starting simulations, to ensure remeshing. This can be changed in the configuration file (further details are provided in :ref:`moduleCom1DFA:DEM input data`).
```
